rocprof-compute branding update (#428)
AMDResearch/omniperf: docs/tutorial/includes/infinity-fabric-transactions.rst

----------------------------------------------

In our next fabric experiment, we change our CPU memory allocation to be

> `coarse-grained <Mtype>`__. We accomplish this by passing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`coarse-grained <memory-type>`. We accomplish this by passing the
```
Was this intentional? This is how I see it in amd-staging
